# Form Filling Robot

## Introduction
This project utilizes Robotic Process Automation (RPA) to automate the process of filling web forms using data extracted from an Excel file. It is designed to enhance efficiency and accuracy in data entry tasks on the RPA Challenge website.

## Features
- **Automated Form Filling**: Automatically inputs data into web forms.
- **Excel Integration**: Extracts user data from an Excel file.
- **Error Handling**: Includes robust error handling to manage exceptions.
- **Logging**: Generates logs for each form submission, aiding in troubleshooting and validation.

## Getting Started
Follow these instructions to set up and run a Form-Filling-Robot project on your local machine.

## Prerequisites
- UiPath Studio
- Excel file

## Installation
1. Clone the Repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/kushalpatel0265/Form-Filling-Robot.git
2. Open the Project:
   Navigate to the project directory and open the project file in UiPath Studio.

## Configuration
1. Excel File:
- Ensure the Excel file `challenge.xlsx` is in the project folder.
- The Excel file should have columns titled `First Name`, `Last Name`, `Email`, `Phone Number`, `Address`, `Role in Company`, and `Company Name`.
2. UiPath Studio:
- Open the project in UiPath Studio.
- Make sure all dependencies are installed via the 'Manage Packages' option.

## Usage
1. Prepare the Excel File:
   Ensure the challenge.xlsx file is located in the project directory and formatted with the necessary columns.
2. Run the Bot:
   - Open Main.xaml in UiPath Studio.
   - Use the 'Run' button to start the automation.
   - Monitor the process as the bot fills out the form using data from Excel.
3. Check Outputs:
   Verify the successful submissions through the logs generated by the bot.

## Workflow
The automation process includes the following steps:
1. **Excel Process Scope**: Opens the Excel workbook.
2. **For Each Excel Row:** Iterates through each row in the workbook.
3. **Use Browser:** Opens a web browser and navigates to the form page.
4. **Type Into Activities:** Inputs data from Excel into the form fields.
5. **Click ‘Submit’:** Submits the form.
   
Each activity has proper exception handling to manage errors during the execution process.

## Contributing
Contributions to this project are welcome! Please fork the repository and submit a pull request with your features or corrections.

## License
Distributed under the MIT License. See `LICENSE` for more information.

## Contact
- Gmail: kushalpatel0265@gmail.com
- Project Link: https://github.com/kushalpatel0265/Form-Filling-Robot
